dbplyr 2.4.0 (#659)
tidyverse/tidyverse.org: content/blog/dbplyr-2-4-0/index.Rmd

  author: Parker Hilton

# one of: "deep-dive", "learn", "package", "programming", "roundup", or "other"
categories: [package] 
tags: [dplyr, dbplyr]
---

<!--
* also include something about dbplyr 2.3.1?
  * support for `join_by()`
  * many bugs introduced in 2.3.0 fixed

TODO:
* [x] Look over / edit the post's title in the yaml
* [x] Edit (or delete) the description; note this appears in the Twitter card
* [x] Pick category and tags (see existing with `hugodown::tidy_show_meta()`)
* [x] Find photo & update yaml metadata
* [x] Create `thumbnail-sq.jpg`; height and width should be equal
* [x] Create `thumbnail-wd.jpg`; width should be >5x height
* [x] `hugodown::use_tidy_thumbnails()`
* [x] Add intro sentence, e.g. the standard tagline for the package
* [ ] `usethis::use_tidy_thanks()`
-->

We're chuffed to announce the release of [dbplyr](http://dbplyr.tidyverse.org/) 2.4.0. dbplyr is a database backend for dplyr that allows you to use a remote database as if it was a collection of local data frames: you write ordinary dplyr code and dbplyr translates it to SQL for you.

You can install it from CRAN with:

```{r, eval = FALSE}
install.packages("dbplyr")
```

> This blog post will highlight some of the most important new features: eliminating subqueries when using multiple unions in a row, get more control on the generated SQL, and a handful of new translations.  As usual, release comes with a large number of improvements to translations for individual backends. See the full list in the [release notes](https://github.com/tidyverse/dbplyr/blob/main/NEWS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This blog post will highlight some of the most important new features: eliminating subqueries when using multiple unions in a row, get more control on the generated SQL, and a handful of new translations.  As usual, release comes with a large number of improvements to translations for individual backends. See the full list in the [release notes](https://github.com/tidyverse/dbplyr/releases/tag/v2.4.0)
```

So it continues to be accurate in the future
